what's up guys made a little work around
for those who cannot upload their videos
some iphone recorder on to youtube so
they complicated I hope they get it
fixed soon but what I did I wanted to
win ICT you want to go and see a VAR
folder here then you're going to look
for mobile now you want to go and send
documents and and some media iphone
video recorder and here you will see the
list of the videos on me with the iPhone
video
what i'm doing here is i'm gonna get
this to go onto my desktop so i have it
saved on my computer this would be good
for those who want their videos on their
desktop on a computer so you don't have
to wait for iphone video recorder so
releases so if you want to do it now you
can take this route put it on you to
email it do whatever you want to do with
it i'm going to take a look at this one
right here so it's big one foot suckish
am so what I'm gonna do is I'm a put my
mouse on it click on it and then I'm
just gonna drag it out here you see my
mouse table and drag it out to the
desktop let it go you're going to get
this pop up when you get that cop pop up
all you're going to do is hit copy
and let it do its thing and while it's
doing that you'll notice right down here
i have my mp3 for wow big one foot
suction right here on the desktop double
click that
and this week for the videos load
and there you see the video I'll just go
ahead and play it for you enjoyment this
is a run that I did on that there we go
now you can do whatever you want with it
put on YouTube it's cuter do whatever
you want I I let oh y'all want